-FBI, don't move!
-Ronald Reagan doesn't care!
-I'm proud of you, Stan.
-They say they want
to give me a medal.
-Where's your sister?
-She had to stay late at school.
-Thanks for making
this trip fly by.
It always feels better to
have someone to talk to.
-Sit, please.
Lying will not be tolerated.
-Give me a call
when you get back,
if you want to hang out with
other people who get it.
-Kelli?
It's Paige.
You too.
Hey, do you want to hang out?
-And Amelia?
-Ninth grade, cheerleading.
-Oh my god, no.
-Yes!
-Jared's a senior?
-He's going to Carnegie
Mellon next year.
-Emmet?
Paige and Henry, go.
-Who would do this?
-You want the list?
Someone who know us.
Every single one of us.
Someone who_'s onto
the operation.
-How are we going
to live like this?
-He is a brilliant physicist.
And an eloquent advocate
for those Jewish Refuseniks
still trapped in the Soviet
Union, of whom he was once one.
Anton Baklanov.
- Thank you, Rabbi.
The world of physics encompasses
the microscopic, the sub
microscopic, the very distant,
the world of unseen things.
This afternoon I want to talk
about a world of unseen people.
A society in which Jews are
turned into non-persons.
Ten years ago I was luclq enough
to get out of the Soviet Union.
In America, I found a home.
Justice, dignity, baseball,
and freedom for myself,
my beautiful wife,
most of all our son.
-Hey!
Hey, you guys!
This is Paige.
-Hey Paige!
-I was listening to that.
-I know.
-Anton Baklanov would rather die
than betray his new homeland.
-Not recruitable?
-Never will be.
-Any rush?
-I don't see why.
You can take the long
way to work tomorrow.
-Oh, where were you?
-Oh, uh, Emily really needed me,
so I just-- she's got this guy.
He's a junior, soccer captain.
And he thinks he's
God's gift, but I
think that he's just
taking her for granted.
It's just--
-OK, we just-- I'd want
to know where you are.
-Yeah, just all if you're
going to be late next time.
-OK, sorry.
Homework awaits.
-So what's this about a new car?
-Didn't Henry tell you
that-- I'm kidding around.
-Henry doesn't seem to think so.
-You know, Stan's
friend, guys a gold mine.
Got us a Plumber's
UnIon retreat.
I bet we could get
Teamsters, hotel workers--
-We do not need a
new car, Phillip.
---cheaper than a plane.
It's all I'm say--
-I'm glad you're OK.
When I heard about
Emmett and Leann,
I was afraid you might--
well, it's a terrible time.
We need to talk.
-Moscow was signalling
me every hour.
For the first time
I can remember,
I didn't know what to do.
What could I do?
It was done.
-What does the centre know?
-Not much, they're
looking into it,
but they're going to be careful.
-Do they think any of the
rest of us have been exposed?
-They don't know.
Anything's possible.
You're still alive,
that's a good sign.
-They put someone on our
kids, and then pulled them.
-Risk, benefit.
They're scared now.
I've seen it happen before.
They won't do what it takes to
find out what really happened.
And I can't live with that.
-What do you want from us?
-I know it's been
hard between us.
And I'm sorry for
my part of that.
Believe me or don't believe me,
but we need the same thing now.
-And what's that?
-You have to help me find
Emmett and Leann's killer.
-Help you?
Personally?
Without the centre
knownng about It?
-I owe it to Emmett and Leann.
We owe it to them.
I have some ideas who
might have killed them.
Top of the list, Andrew Larrick,
former special operations
in Vietnam.
We believe he is currently
involved in developing
a special mission unit
inside the Naw SEALS.
He teaches at the Naval
War College at Annapolis.
Emmett and Leann were
blackmailing him.
He's homosexual.
He was the only
agent ever running
who might have been good
enough to find them.
To get to Larrick you'll
need an airtight cover.
First step is through
this man, Brad Mullin.
Seaman recruit, working out
of Dam Neck in Virginia Beach.
Elizabeth, the last
time I saw you,
you were just off
an operating table.
I knew you'd live, but I didn't
know if you'd make it back.
-I'm back.
-I'm glad.
I've thought about you a lot.
I-- well, there's no
changing what was.
I'm glad, anyway.
-Commendation day.
Your first?
-Task force in Arkansas
all got medals.
I never picked mine up.
:This one's_a letter
In a very nice box.
-You deserve a commendation
for stopping that bastard,
Agent Beeman.
-Thank you, sir.
-But unfortunately, we don't
hold all the reigns here.
The gentleman from the Soviet
Embassy who had the poor taste
to get his brains blown out
has earned me and the Director
a joint inquiry of the House and
Senate Intelligence committees.
-Shit.
-And we can't hold
them off, Frank.
You'll be next.
-With all due respect,
sir, Agent Gaad
wasn't in any way
responsible for wh--
-Agent Beeman, I don't care
who was and who wasn't.
He was a KGB agent
operating on US soil.
That is a risky
enterprise taking us on.
We understand each other?
-Yes, sir.
-Now will you excuse
us for a minute.
-Certainly.
-We have to do it.
-We're going to live
or die with that woman?
-Or sit and wait?
She wants to know what
happened to Emmett and Leann
as much as we do.
OK?
Brad Mullin--
-Shouldn't be a problem.
-Listen, why don't you
let me handle this.
Mullin's a computer nerd, camera
buff, classical music lover.
There's a million
ways In on this.
-I'|| handle it, but thank you.
-I'll see you tomorrow.
-Goodnight.
-Sir?
Is everything all right?
-Everything's hunlq dory.
I'm being layered.
-Layered?
-Bureaucratese for shoved aside.
They're bringing
someone in over me.
Jim Halliwell from
the Atlanta office.
He'll be running CI until, well,
I guess we don't know when.
-You shouldn't have to
take the fall for this.
-I get no pleasure
from the thought
of taking you down
with me, Stan.
Besides, no offense,
they're after bigger game.
Goodnight, Agent Beeman.
-Goodnight, sir.
-Wow.
-Wo-- yeah.
It's very, um,
actually I hated it.
I don't know anything
about classical music.
-Well, you certainly picked it.
I mean you probably thought,
you know, good ole Beethoven.
Dah-dah-dah-dah.
-Yeah, I did.
I thought it might be
soothing or uplifting,
but, um-- it's very dark.
-Yeah, it's Cortez.
-Is that good?
This?
Oh, no this is great.
This is-- actually,
this is exactly
the thing that you were--
-Are you going to
listen to it right now?
-Oh-- you want to hear it?
Take it.
-No, I meant I could
listen with you.
-With me, like, in the booth.
-Not if you don't want me to.
-No, I do.
I mean, sure if you want
to, that'd be great.
Um, right now?
-Yeah.
-Oh.
OK.
Sure.
-That must be intense.
-When it happens, you
do what you have to do.
It's what we're trained to do.
It's right.
But later on, when
the hoopla's over,
you took a guy off
the face of the earth.
-You ever do it before?
-Yeah.
What's going on with you?
How's work?
-Oh, your friend the plumber has
been opening some doors for us.
-Oh good, I'm glad to hear that.
-I always like to help a friend.
-Well, we appreciate it.
_ It's nice to have a
little extra coming in.
We're thinking about sprucing
up the office a bit-- well,
I am at least.
-I'm having an affair.
I haven't told anybody so you
can't, not even Elizabeth.
-Oh come on, of course.
-I'm, I'm walking around.
It's crazy.
I guess you probably never--
-You think about
it a lot, a lot.
-But in all these years
I've never, never--
-Stan, we're all human.
You know, me and
Elizabeth, we've
been through some patches.
You know that.
-Yeah, no, I know.
-We're solid now, I think.
-Maybe you're
never really solid.
-Yeah, it's hard, marriage.
You know, you love your
wife, and then the day-to-day
crap starts to creep in, and--
-That actually doesn't--
I mean, Sandra and I--
we hardly spend any
time together at all.
-Oh.
-This job takes
its toll, ya know?
There's a lot I
can't share with her.
I wouldn't want to put
her through that anyway.
Separate lives.
I thought moving here
to this post would help,
but actually got worse.
-Sorry.
-And then, you know, I
meet this woman at work.
And she understands what I do.
She sees me in a different way.
-Right.
-Well, you're luclq to be
a travel agent, Phillip.
Happy people go on vacations.
-Yeah.
-This-- when I'm with
this woman, something just
-So what are you going to do?
-I don't know.
There's no way could
ever be together.
-Why not?
-She's married.
We're doomed.
-Yeah, that's all
we need around here,
is something that
makes television
more attractive to kids.
-Yeah, but it makes
us more intelligent.
That's why it's
called Intellivision.
_ -Please tell me we're not_
discussmg Video games again.
-We are, but it's
good for your brain,
and you're not
just sitting there.
You're doing something.
-Go up and get your sister.
You're both going to be late.
-Paige!
-Stan finally told
me about his affair.
-How did that happen?
-We're friends.
We're taking the scientist.
-OK.
-You're in the middle with Brad?
You all right there?
-Of course.
-OK.
-I hope it's OK.
This is the place
that we usually--
-Do you do this a lot?
-You know.
Not a lot.
I've never done this before.
-That's OK.
-I'm kind of a loner really.
-Me too.
-I'm not the usual
military type.
I guess that's obvious.
I wanted to see the world,
but I wound up here.
I'm in the Naw.
I figured, you know,
not everyone, but there
had to at least a couple
of guys I could relate to.
-Mm-hmm.
-There had to be somebody who
wasn't a freakin' Neanderthal.
So I guess the army, right?
-I'm glad you're
not a Neanderthal.
-You're nice.
You know that?
How can you be so nice?
-I'm like you.
I kept thinking I would
meet someone around here.
You know, Navy town.
Think there'd be a
lot of great guys,
but it just didn't work out.
I know, someone who's
sensitive, and generous, kind.
I like you, Brad.
Uh, I'm so sorry.
-What's wrong?
-I-- I don't know.
I really like you, I'm
just having a hard time.
-You want a beer?
-I'm really blowing this.
-No, it's OK.
-Is it OK if we just take
things, kind of, slow?
-Sure.
Oh.
-Would you see me again, or--
I mean, we don't have to,
if you don't want to.
-No, I want to.
-I'm so sorry.
I-- I'll call you.
Nqum
I'll call you.
-It's me.
I'll arrange it.
-So he has a mistress.
George traced the number.
I took a look.
Residential area, quiet
street, deserted at night.
-OK.
I'll go down and check in
on Brad tomorrow morning.
-I have to meet that plumber
first thing in the morning,
Because I have to get
out of Martha's early
'cause I promised
her a lazy morning.
-Lazy morning?
-Yeah, yeah.
-OK, um, so I'll meet
with Claudia for the drop,
and then get home for an early
dinner, and then we'll go.
-OK, good.
How's it going with Brad?
-Fine, piece of cake.
-Don't you knock?
-I did knock.
-Well, I didn't say come in.
-You're right.
I'm sorry.
What is that?
-What?
-You're hiding something.
-A book for school.
-If it's for school
why are you hiding it?
-It's for this course
about the Bible.
-You're not taking a
course on the Bible.
Why are you lying to me?
Paige, what is this?
-I'm reading the Bible.
-What is the Reed Street Church?
-I met this kid, Kelli,
and she's really nice.
And this is where she
goes, like a youth group.
And you know, she's
got a messed up family,
and it makes her happy.
-But you don't have
a messed up family.
-Do we have to talk about this?
-Paige have you
been to this group?
-What's going on?
-Paige thinks she's
in a messed up family.
And she's been going
to some youth group,
she doesn't tell us about.
-You think you're in
a messed up family?
-She doesn't tell us
where she's going.
-Forget I said anything.
-It's not about what you said,
it's that you're lying to us.
Hiding things.
-I'm allowed to
have my own life.
-And we are allowed
to know about it.
-Well, I thought we're supposed
to have privacy in this house.
-This has nothing
to do with privacy.
-Why don't we talk
about this more later?
Huh?
Hm?
-Close the door.
-I'm not saying I thought
you wouldn't call.
I mean, I think
you're a good person.
-That's not why I called.
I want to get to know you.
Thank you.
Where are you from?
-Wyoming.
A dink of a town near Casper.
I know, I don't look
like a cowboy, right?
What about you?
-I, um, I'm, kind
of, from all over.
Navy brat, and my dad, well,
my dad died, and my mom and I
were here, so um, I
just kind of stayed
on, doing secretarial work.
Until um--
-Until what?
-I can't.
Sorry.
-Come on.
You can trust me.
-I-- I was um, attacked.
-What do you mean attacked?
Oh, god.
You were-- Jesus.
Did it-- Was it here in town?
-Um, do you know that bar where
Atlantic, sort of, hits Auburn.
- Yeah,.
-I was in there one night,
and um, was hanging out
with these SEALS, these
big handsome guys.
They were all on leave and then
this one guy-- then he took me
to_ one of those motels
like you took me to.
-Oh my god, I'm so sorry.
-No, no, no, that's not-- I
didn't-- he just got really
mean, and then he- sort
of had me on the ground.
I was flat on my belly.
And he was shoving my
head into the floor.
And then he sort of got
on top of me from behind
and ripped my pants down.
And I-- remember I said no.
No.
-Jesus.
Well, did you go to the police?
-You know, I tried, but
the Naw's protecting him.
They told the cops that he
was not on leave that day.
That, you know, he was on some
secret classified mission.
No one could get
access to his files.
They just sort of buried them.
-Assholes.
-Ugh.
I don't know why I told you.
I'm so sorry.
I-- you just-- seem nice.
And not like the rest of them.
-I'm so sorry.
I wish, I wish, there
was something I could do.
-No, there's nothing.
I-- believe me, I've
tried everything.
But thank you.
-Do you know his name?
-Larrick.
Andrew.
I think he's a
captain or something.
-I know where his files are.
-You do?
-It wouldn't be easy,
but I could get them.
You could give them to a
lawyer, prove he was there.
-No, I wouldn't want you
to do that, because what
if someone saw you taking them?
-I don't have to take them.
I could copy them.
-Nothing much.
We're, uh, we're having a
long, lazy romantic morning.
I know.
You know once in awhile, you and
daddy should just-- no, really.
You should.
Romance is so important.
Could I call you back,
mom, just a couple minutes.
OK, bye.
Hey, why are you all spiffed up?
What happened to our
lazy, romantic morning?
-Thought we had it.
-Um we had the start of it.
-Yeah, and then you got on
the phone with your mother,
like you always do.
-Hey, I thought you
loved my mother.
-Martha, we have so little
time together as it is,
whenever we manage to squeeze
out just a little extra,
you get on the phone
with your mother.
-She called me.
-So tell her to call back.
Why should I sit around
twiddling my thumbs,
while you talk with your mom?
-Twiddling your thumbs?
Is that what you call it
when we're lying here,
cuddly and warm?
-There is nothing for
me to do while you're
on the phone with your mother.
This isn't my home.
-This is your home.
Well, I-- I'm not
going to intrude.
I'm luclq I have
half a sock drawer.
-Do you want a sock drawer?
I can give you a sock drawer.
-No, no, no, no no, go
ahead, call her back.
Don't let me interrupt.
-Clark!
Clark, I'm sorry.
-I can't hear you,
the water's running.
-I said I'm sorry.
I won't do it anymore.
I won't call her while
you're here, I promise.
-Did you wash your hair
in the kitchen sink?
-Well, I guess so.
I always do.
-Well, in the future,
could you not?
Either that, or could you
clean up all these hairs?
-They're my hairs.
You should love me enough--
-You should love me enough
to change something,
if I want it changed.
-Oh my god.
What's gotten into you?
-Oh!
I'm sorry, I just want some
things different around here.
I never get asked what I want.
-How can I ask you anything,
I can't ever find you.
-Find me when I'm here, damn it!
Talk to me, instead of getting
on the phone with your mother.
-You know what I think?
I think that you just want
to leave, like you always do.
I think you got what you
wanted this morning, and now--
-Do not pretend you didn't want
that just as much as I did.
-No, you know what
I wanted Clark.
I wanted a long lazy
romantic morning like the one
that you promised me.
But guess what?
You know, I don't think
I want that anymore.
-Oh, honey.
-Don't honey me.
You know what?
Just go!
Go!
Off to work, dot of
nine, like usual.
Like the time-card
punching, never-around,
pencil-pusher that you are.
-I'm going.
-So go.
-I signalled I didn't
have the files yet.
What are we doing here?
-I know you don't want to
hear this from me, Elizabeth.
But it only takes three
minutes in the car
to know that you
came back to soon.
Bradley Mullin you can
handle in your sleep,
but Andrew Larrick is
waiting around the corner,
and if you're not
ready for him--
-I'll be ready.
-Of course you feel that way.
But I'm telling
you, I see something
that you're not aware of.
You're afraid.
Too afraid.
You're back, but
you're not back.
-I really do think you're
trying to help, Claudia,
but it just takes
three minutes in a car
to know there's something
else going on with you too,
and I want to know what it is.
-I don't want to
lose anyone else.
-Oh!
This is so, so great of you.
_ I can't believe--
is something wrong?
-I don't have the files.
-I don't understand.
1--
-Every time I went to do
it, guys kept looking at me.
I, kind of, chickened out.
-Oh.
-Are you mad at me?
I'm sorry.
-No.
That's OK.
I-- it was a lot to hope for.
I've probably seen too
many movies, you know.
You meet a guy and you think--
ha, you found your hero.
I was stupid.
Who thinks that way?
-It was just so rislq.
I kept thinking this is insane.
I'm going to get shot.
What am I doing this for?
I'm sorry.
It's making me so tense.
-I could help you with that.
-Oh you don't have to.
-That's better right?
That's better.
-Oh, Jesus Christ.
-That's better.
-Here you go.
-Thanks.
OK, so.
-Amen.
Please pass the chicken.
-Clark, are you there?
Pick up.
Your wife.
Who are you?
I know you can't tell me, ever.
We need to talk, Clark.
Call me.
-She was praying, Phillip.
Praying.
If she just wants to say grace,
that's all it is, I think--
-It's not.
This is what happens.
They get them when
they're children,
they indoctrinate them
with friendship, and songs,
and cute boys
cooing about Jesus.
-So?
Maybe it's crush.
-Did you see any signs
of this while I was gone?
-No.
-We haven't been paying
enough attention.
-Yes, we have.
There's been kind of a
lot going on, you know?
-If we'd been paying attention,
this would have happened.
The lying?
-Yeah, that's not like her.
-I mean, you protect
them from the big things
out there, the, the big
life and death dangers,
and then something finds
its way into your house.
-Look, we don't
know anything yet.
Kids go through phases.
Let's keep an eye on it.
-No, that's how this happened.
We let our guard down.
Phillip, you and I
we know who we are.
We have values.
But these kids,
what do they know?
We're failing them.
-We're not failing them.
-We're failing to
help them stand up
to the distractions,
the consumerism.
Look at this country.
Church, synagogue,
I mean, that's
what's holding it all up.
The opiate of the masses.
-Let's eat later tomorrow.
-What?
-We at dinner early tonight.
You don't want to say grace
as much when you're hungry.
-Would you stop
being so reasonable?
We have to do
something about Paige.
-It's going to have to wait.
-It cannot wait.
-Meet Anton.
-Leave your name, a brief
message, and a number where
I can reach you and
I'll call you back.
-Clark, it's me.
You see, this is why I need
to be able to reach you.
I'm filling out
this application,
and there's this
line here, and they
want my marital status,
and my husband's name.
Now I love you
Clark, but I'm not
going to purger myself for you.
And this has to be in tomorrow,
so-- if I don't hear from you,
I just have no choice.
I'm putting your
name down, Clark.
You're my husband
and it's the truth.
Call me!
-It's late.
I gotta get home.
Thank you.
-I know.
Mm.
-Have a good night.
Call me.
-Sleep well.